= RESTHome

Simple wrapper class generator for consuming RESTful web services

== RESTful Example

RESTHome's are used to communicate to RESTful Web Services.

Let's say you are working with B2B.dev. They provide a simple RESTful API for interacting with customer data.

API looks like
 GET    http://api.b2b.dev/customers.json      - list of your customers
 GET    http://api.b2b.dev/customers/<id>.json - customer data
 PUT    http://api.b2b.dev/customers/<id>.json - edit customer data
 DELETE http://api.b2b.dev/customers/<id>.json - delete customer
 POST   http://api.b2b.dev/customers.json      - create a new customer

 JSON response looks like {'customer': {'id': 99, 'first_name': 'Joe', 'last_name': 'Smith'}}

Create a simple RESTHome service to interact with B2B.dev api.

 class B2BService < RESTHome
   rest :customer, :customers, '/customers.json'

   def initialize(api_key)
     self.base_uri = 'http://api.b2b.dev'
     self.basic_auth = {:username => api_key, :password => 'x'}
   end
 end

 service = B2BService.new 'XXXXX'
 service.customers # returns an array of customers
 customer = service.customer 99 # returns the data for customer 99, i.e. {:first_name => 'Joe', :last_name => 'Smith'}
 service.edit_customer 99, :first_name => 'Joesph', :last_name => 'Smithie' # edits customer 99
 service.delete_customer 99 # deletes customer 99
 service.create_customer :first_name => 'John', :last_name => 'Doe' # creates a new customer

== Lorem Lipsum Example

Create a simple lorem lipsum generator, using http://www.lipsum.com.

 lipsum = RESTHome.new
 lipsum.base_uri = 'http://www.lipsum.com'
 lipsum.route :generate, '/feed/json', :method => :post
 words = lipsum.generate(:what => 'words', :amount => 20) do |res|
   res['feed']['lipsum']
 end


 class LoremLipsumService < RESTHome
   route :generate, '/feed/json', :method => :post, :return => :parse_feed

   def initialize
     self.base_uri = 'http://www.lipsum.com'
   end

   def parse_feed(res)
     res['feed']['lipsum']
   end
 end

 service = LoremLipsumService.new
 words = service.generate(:what => 'words', :amount => 20)


== Contributing to RESTHome
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Cykod LLC. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

